well guys hello we arrived with
Vladimir on another rybalochku here
the spout is already at our oars
fuck little by little
means they told us everything is not bad
flooded red feather here and we decided
go with him to the reservoir to sit on
fishing rod talk we went one day
Today, here is the wind. There is no calm.
say yes that is
the weather is gorgeous then we will be now
shoot like that and now we will do some
cooking while I'm going to stir under
Shape here we do bait means
Hercules there respectively on the interfere and
everything else well guys here I
I do such a shorter kneading to us
bought bait shops for roach for
white fish will catch rudd up
spoke a little hercules and a jar
Corn means we will catch at your leisure
We will do but will receive already in
in principle, something that is decorated
It turns out now it is still a little bit
a little bit swelled not drag we see
here and there of the granules and dry she is now
I will disperse it I will mix
dry then add a little water and
Well, if it is accordingly watery
you can always add hercules there
also take a little water of them
it will be possible to mold the balls no well in
the principle is already a mold
now it comes just as we go
to the place with Vladimir, respectively
let it all insist aroma
guys smell anise your gear
here are the picturesque places
we pass here the lake is clear water
very clean temperature on already more
12 degrees I think the water is the sun
is shining
Places of course wonderful calm can
say field
guys here a little bit of a candle before we sat down
on the rudd itself we are in vain chicken
Volodya just realized happening
regularly where did i get to try
a jar of this so that here once
I caught her well, just a little bit
try something else but I don’t see
what I think is here
catching this gear just some
stupidity probably but nevertheless how
yes there is a little swinging now
I will try to throw there
do not hold in your hand a little bit
In theory, it seems to me should be due
rod should feel some yes and
something must peck but for now
silence
Well, we continue to catch with Vladimir
Today, in fact, the case is not very
well the whole is already as if weak
so covers no girl back we
caught yes that is like a rudd there
but she takes not very active here we are
caught one regular Vladimir unhook
such here in size from Volodin caught on
that week there are a kilogram of us there 15
up to 20 that's the whole thing brought today
got out to try we catch on
maggot
advance on the rivers of the world lure points
standin saw
so in general, now let's see what yes
how sort of a little she starts
to approach the evening the sun sets
do you have a lure points here such
We tails of not can escape to
am no porch good spa less so
that look and with him as they say that
we are coming